Replace HashiCorp use case with PuTTY (#231)
mahmoud/zerover: entries/0verview.md

These flagship ZeroVer projects know how to get the most out of their
zeroes.

## PuTTY

> For decades, PuTTY had been the go-to tool for professionals for creating SSH
> connections to remote hosts. PuTTY was first released in 1999 by Simon Tatham
> and has continued to resist the lure of [Semantic Versioning][semver] since.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For decades, PuTTY had been the go-to tool for professionals for creating SSH
connections to remote hosts. PuTTY was first released in 1999 by Simon Tatham
and has continued to resist the lure of [Semantic Versioning][semver] since.
```

```suggestion
For decades, PuTTY has been the go-to tool for professional Windows users 
creating SSH connections. PuTTY was first released in 1999 by Simon Tatham
and has resisted the taboo of nonzero major versions for over 25 years.
```

PuTTY's journey has been nothing short of legendary.

Much like the tool itself, PuTTY's versioning approach is efficient,

> lightweight, robust, and focused on functionality rather than marketing optics

Reviewer: Let's see PuTTY's marketing team handle this kind of heat.

> like major releases. Its longstanding title as a ZeroVer champion has seen it
> handle everything from protocol migrations to critical security patches while
> under the reassuring banner of 0.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like major releases. Even as the SSH protocol itself revved from version 1 to 2,
PuTTY remained steadfast under the reassuring banner of 0.x.
```

PuTTY's commitment to ZeroVer reminds us that great software doesn't need major

> version numbers to make a major impact.

Reviewer: Haha I like this
